---
layout: default
---

Welcome to my professional website! I am currently a 4th-year Computer Science Ph.D. Student at the University of Nevada, Reno. My research focuses understanding how flies might track odor in outdoors (profile picture of collecting plume data in Black Rock Desert, Nevada), using physics based modeling and simulation, machine learning, computer vision and UAVs. My work involves me to bounce between office chairs and exploring deserts and forests.

Before embarking on this academic journey, I completed my MS in Electrical Engineering at North Carolina State University in 2016. My [thesis](https://repository.lib.ncsu.edu/handle/1840.16/11399) involved working with vision guided collaborative human-in-the-loop for manufacturing appplications. After which I worked as a Senior Research Engineer at ROS-Industrial Asia Pacific, where I worked with industrial applications that involved machine learning,robotics,computer vision and virtual reality. I am proficient in Python, C++, MATLAB, and ROS, and have a deep understanding of various algorithms and data structures. I have also authored and co-authored several [publications](https://arunavanag591.github.io/about/publications/) in my field of study, highlighting my commitment to advancing the state-of-the-art in fly-inspired robotics.

Apart from my research work, I am passionate about teaching and mentoring others. I have worked as a Graduate Teaching Assistant at the University of Nevada, Reno, where I taught Introduction to Computer Methods. I find great satisfaction in sharing my knowledge and helping others achieve their academic goals, hence I also worked an instructor for Robot Operating System while my stint at ROS-Industrial Asia Pacific. 

To stay connected, learn more about my research, or get in touch, feel free to visit my [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arunavanag/) profile. I am always open to discussing potential collaborations and exploring new opportunities. Let's work together to push the boundaries of what's possible in robotics and beyond!